---
course_id: 6964
quiz_id: 46952
id: 320872
type: multiple_choice_question
sources:
- name: Review the Implementing Table Relations in SQL lesson
  url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/6964/pages/implementing-table-relations-in-sql?module_item_id=565746
---

# Multiple Choice Question

Consider the following SQL statements:

```sql
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS camper CASCADE;

CREATE TABLE camper (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
    name TEXT,
    age INTEGER
);

DROP TABLE IF EXISTS activity CASCADE;

CREATE TABLE activity (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
    name TEXT,
    difficulty INTEGER
);

DROP TABLE IF EXISTS camper_activity;

CREATE TABLE camper_activity (
    camper_id INTEGER,
    activity_id INTEGER,
    PRIMARY KEY (camper_id, activity_id),
    CONSTRAINT camper_fk FOREIGN KEY (camper_id) REFERENCES camper (id),
    CONSTRAINT activity_fk FOREIGN KEY (activity_id) REFERENCES activity (id)
);
```

Based off of the SQL statements above, what can we say about the relationship
between the `camper` table and the `activity` table?

## Incorrect

This is a one-to-one relationship; A camper can participate in one activity and
an activity only has one camper.

> Not quite. If this was a one-to-one relationship, we would not have to create
> a new table called `camper_activity`.

## Incorrect

This is a one-to-many relationship; A camper can participate in many activities,
and an activity only has one camper.

> Not quite. If this was a one-to-many relationship, we would not have to create
> a new table called `camper_activity.`

## Incorrect

This is a one-to-many relationship; An activity can have many campers, but a
camper can only participate in one activity.

> Not quite. If this was a one-to-many relationship, we would not have to create
> a new table called `camper_activity.`

## Correct

This is a many-to-many relationship; A camper can participate in many activities
and an activity can have many campers.

> Correct! To implement a many-to-many relationship in SQL, we create a new
> table with the primary keys of each entity's table.

## Incorrect

I don't know

> Be sure to study the source/s for this question. You'll get it next time.
